==============================================================
Guild: Spring 2021 SE Group Project
Channel: Text Channels / general
==============================================================

[28-Jan-21 12:17 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Joined the server.


[28-Jan-21 12:19 PM] yung_odin#7606
Joined the server.


[28-Jan-21 12:19 PM] yung_odin#7606
hello there


[28-Jan-21 12:19 PM] Sebs#5610
Joined the server.


[28-Jan-21 12:19 PM] Sebs#5610
howdy


[28-Jan-21 12:21 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Hey everyone


[28-Jan-21 12:21 PM] Rpz701#6053
Awesome, 4 people is good enough. I invited everyone from the SE chat until drs721 but if Iris decides not to join the server we can invite one more. For now we can go ahead and brainstorm software requirements! I still need to read the full assignment description.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[28-Jan-21 12:24 PM] iris han#7518
Joined the server.


[28-Jan-21 12:25 PM] iris han#7518
Sorry y‚Äôall, I was out shopping and just saw the invite. Happy to join you guys!


[28-Jan-21 12:27 PM] Rpz701#6053
No worries! That's five then! Looks like we got plenty of time to figure out the details of the project, but if anyone gets some crazy inspiration in the mean time-about the project or how we should make the teamwork work-feel free to just post here.

{Reactions}
üëç (2) 

[28-Jan-21 01:10 PM] Rpz701#6053
If y'all would like I can update the spreadsheet with our info. You can just put your name and abc123 in here. Or, if you see me filling it out in one of the rows on the spreadsheet just update it there.


[28-Jan-21 01:10 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Sounds good


[28-Jan-21 01:10 PM] iris han#7518
Sure, mine's Iris Han ymj140


[28-Jan-21 01:11 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright. We're group 6.


[28-Jan-21 01:15 PM] Rpz701#6053
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AYnFDMyfwLFfPzwl7LNxCVr__G7ETMphW_-In_Nlxk8/edit?usp=sharing

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1AYnFDMyfwLFfPzwl7LNxCVr__G7ETMphW_-In_Nlxk8/edit?usp=sharing
3773 SE groups
Sheet1

Member 1,Member 2,Member 3,Member 4,Member 5 (optional)
Name ,abc123 ,Name ,abc123 ,Name ,abc123 ,Name ,abc123 ,Name ,abc123 
Group 1,Anna Arroyo,kvk745,Anna Flores,Vi Vu,phh293,Cody Gill,byq195,Juan Neri
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Gr...
https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/dkW_YnN_cQx08fmpIakGTTaY-Ojhu1C8kr3mvXPMVuM_-n3ROOBix6jFTodlPKTfqZUexne0DA=w1200-h630-p


[28-Jan-21 01:17 PM] yung_odin#7606
should I add myself


[28-Jan-21 01:17 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sure! I would but i don't know your name & info.


[28-Jan-21 01:17 PM] yung_odin#7606
Russell Gardner


[28-Jan-21 01:17 PM] yung_odin#7606
gct762


[28-Jan-21 01:18 PM] Rpz701#6053
Great. Now er just need sebs


[28-Jan-21 01:19 PM] Sebs#5610
Sebastian Klemkosky


[28-Jan-21 01:19 PM] Sebs#5610
lmo120

{Reactions}
üëç 

[28-Jan-21 01:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
We're the first one's to have it all filled in.


[28-Jan-21 01:20 PM] Sebs#5610
nice nice


[28-Jan-21 02:07 PM] yung_odin#7606
I'd say we should attempt to decide which sub-system we are working on first. Any feelings?


[28-Jan-21 02:09 PM] Rpz701#6053
I feel like the least accessible one is probably the mobile interface. But, depending on the language we pick and gui that could be made easier. But If we need, we can always figure out a new language. I'm sure we all have javafx experience from app development.


[28-Jan-21 02:10 PM] Sebs#5610
yeah i reckon java would be easier for everyone


[28-Jan-21 02:13 PM] yung_odin#7606
kotlin would be pretty fun for an android app. I haven't made a project in it yet only messed with it, really good built in mobile dev stuff. But if we just want to keep it simple I have no problem with java


[27-Feb-21 03:11 PM] Sebs#5610
has anyone started working on the Project checkpoint 1 yet


[27-Feb-21 03:12 PM] Sebs#5610
if not I can try to get some of it done tommorrow ish and post it here


[27-Feb-21 03:14 PM] Sebs#5610
then we can all  revise or edit it if necessary and turn in something when it's due on the 4th


[27-Feb-21 03:33 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sounds good to me. I've had a couple of essays, in addition to the one from a few nights ago, I've been working on. Should be finished and free to work on checkpoint tomorrow night.


[28-Feb-21 02:17 PM] Sebs#5610

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/815679213285801984/SRS_v1.01.doc


[28-Feb-21 02:24 PM] Sebs#5610
I was unable to complete the functional requirements but everything else has at least something. If you want to add or change anything then go for it, however do write it in the revision history portion.


[28-Feb-21 02:29 PM] Sebs#5610
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G0uxmt1mzmvsk_JgpN3lVGG5IM81XgFAd15h9R5NtYM/edit?usp=sharing

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G0uxmt1mzmvsk_JgpN3lVGG5IM81XgFAd15h9R5NtYM/edit?usp=sharing
SRS_v1.01
Software Requirements Specification for  Version 1.01 approved Prepared by   <2/28/2021> Table of Contents Table of Contents	ii Revision History	ii 1.	Introduction	1 1.1	Purpose	1 1.2	Document Conventions	1 1.3	Intended Audience and Reading Sugges...
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/y_WjpZzAtoms2r2XC8fYPH3sNgBmPVR0TNbe69YwDC3ZUTVHFwQOHZBWIdx5KiAGeDHH-T55Rae7tw=w1200-h630-p


[28-Feb-21 02:30 PM] Sebs#5610
I uploaded this to docs so we can easily all edit. The link should work if not let me know


[01-Mar-21 09:42 AM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Thanks for starting the document Sebastian. I'm looking at it right now and it seems like it can't be edited at the moment. Can you change the setting to allow editing from others?


[01-Mar-21 02:29 PM] Sebs#5610
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G0uxmt1mzmvsk_JgpN3lVGG5IM81XgFAd15h9R5NtYM/edit?usp=sharing

{Embed}
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1G0uxmt1mzmvsk_JgpN3lVGG5IM81XgFAd15h9R5NtYM/edit?usp=sharing
SRS_v1.01
Software Requirements Specification for  Version 1.01 approved Prepared by   <2/28/2021> Table of Contents Table of Contents	ii Revision History	ii 1.	Introduction	1 1.1	Purpose	1 1.2	Document Conventions	1 1.3	Intended Audience and Reading Sugges...
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/y_WjpZzAtoms2r2XC8fYPH3sNgBmPVR0TNbe69YwDC3ZUTVHFwQOHZBWIdx5KiAGeDHH-T55Rae7tw=w1200-h630-p


[01-Mar-21 02:30 PM] Sebs#5610
my bad didn't realize that. I changed it so anyone can edit now


[02-Mar-21 01:19 PM] Rpz701#6053
Wow, I honestly didn't realize the project was 40%


[02-Mar-21 01:23 PM] Rpz701#6053
We really should get on a call and brainstorm the use cases. Those are tricky to come up with on your own.


[02-Mar-21 01:36 PM] Sebs#5610
Yeah it would be a good idea


[02-Mar-21 01:43 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Agreed, I'm down to jump on a call sometime


[02-Mar-21 01:46 PM] Sebs#5610
I'm a bit busy between all my courses could we meet after the midterm on the 4th to finish the doc


[02-Mar-21 01:47 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sounds good to me.


[02-Mar-21 01:48 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Yeah, that's cool with me


[02-Mar-21 02:08 PM] yung_odin#7606
I'm also down to call. When is this part due again?


[02-Mar-21 02:09 PM] Rpz701#6053
the 4th. It might make sense to put in a few use cases just for the feedback but i don't know if we'll be able to meet with midterms this week


[02-Mar-21 02:13 PM] yung_odin#7606
Gotcha. I'm tied for up tonight, but I up for a call tomorrow as well as thursday


[04-Mar-21 02:24 PM] Sebs#5610
I saw that the doc is now due on the 5th did we still want to meet to complete it today or should we move it to tomorrow


[04-Mar-21 05:28 PM] Rpz701#6053
I finished up my midterm. Tomorrow morning I'll be driving down to corpus for a couple hours but i'


[04-Mar-21 05:29 PM] Rpz701#6053
ll be available following that. We should just find a time when most people are available to finish it up


[04-Mar-21 07:01 PM] Sebs#5610
Okay sounds good, I did write down some functional requirements and cases just so we had something there as well as made a portion of the use case diagram


[05-Mar-21 01:06 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Let's try to set up a time to meet today. I have work probably until about 5pm or so. How does 6pm CST work for everyone? If anyone has other times that would work better for them, throw them in the chat


[05-Mar-21 02:09 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Here is another SRS document I found that can be used as a reference https://my.eng.utah.edu/~blatnick/cs4500/SRS.pdf


[05-Mar-21 02:10 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Have we decided we're building this project in Java after all?


[05-Mar-21 02:12 PM] Rpz701#6053
I'll be available at 6. Java and javafx makes sense as I would expect most people have some software for that installed already but I would say its more something that anyone can veto if they don't want or don't feel comfortable with java. I'm up for anything, it's a pretty simple software as far as the UI goes so I don't expect the language we use to have that big of an impact.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[05-Mar-21 02:43 PM] yung_odin#7606
Java and JavaFX are fine with me. No nays here. Is everyone in the know for git?


[05-Mar-21 02:50 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Cool with me, and yeah I know git


[05-Mar-21 06:02 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
6:05 we'll go ahead and start


[05-Mar-21 06:08 PM] Sebs#5610
https://krazytech.com/projects/sample-software-requirements-specificationsrs-report-airline-database

{Embed}
Ravi Bandakkanavar
https://krazytech.com/projects/sample-software-requirements-specificationsrs-report-airline-database
Software Requirements Specification document with example - Krazytech
Software requirements specification document describes the intended purpose and environment for software/application under development
https://i1.wp.com/krazytech.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/Contents-in-Software-Requirements-Specification-document.jpg?fit=605%2C701&ssl=1


[05-Mar-21 06:09 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sorry guys my microphone seems to not be working in the discord. I'm listening!

{Reactions}
üëç 

[05-Mar-21 06:10 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
No worries, type anything if you have any suggestions


[05-Mar-21 06:10 PM] Rpz701#6053
Lol I can hear fine. Feel free to just reply to me in the call.


[05-Mar-21 06:14 PM] Rpz701#6053
I'm sure if we put it we'll get feedback like 'you don't need' or 'you WILL need' whatever we put


[05-Mar-21 06:14 PM] Rpz701#6053
Best to err on the side of extra


[05-Mar-21 06:15 PM] iris han#7518
Hey sorry guys, I‚Äôm driving at the moment but I‚Äôll join in 5-10 min!

{Reactions}
üëç (2) 

[05-Mar-21 06:38 PM] Rpz701#6053
Drivers makes more sense as shoppers adds a level of ambiguity/ confusion with customers


[25-Mar-21 10:23 PM] Sebs#5610
Great job! Just remember to add the Shopper user class (i.e. the employee who physically collects the groceries at the distribution center and loads them into the driver's vehicle).

Hey we got feedback for the Doc


[25-Mar-21 10:57 PM] yung_odin#7606
Sounds like we got the right idea


[27-Mar-21 03:04 PM] Sebs#5610
checkpoint 2 for the project is coming up. I'm a bit busy with school work this week so I'm unsure how much I can do but if someone wants to start on it before then that would great. Also at some point we should update the SRS doc since we got feedback. It seems like we are on the right track just need to add a missing class


[27-Mar-21 03:04 PM] Sebs#5610
Also also we should plan another meeting like last time to go over it and add to it before the due date


[30-Mar-21 12:40 PM] Sebs#5610
I'm going to start working the the checkpoint right now if anyone has started/completed any part of it let me know and I'll work on the other parts


[30-Mar-21 12:44 PM] Rpz701#6053
I had started writing a class diagram for the customer class based off of the use-case diagram we made for checkpoint 1 but it's a little vague like the one they asked for on the test. At this point it could be completely re-written with hardly any consequence.


[30-Mar-21 12:49 PM] Sebs#5610
if possible could you finish the class diagram for all of the classes before the due date, this way I could start on the state diagram and so on


[30-Mar-21 12:50 PM] Rpz701#6053
No worries.


[30-Mar-21 12:51 PM] Rpz701#6053
I'll post a link to my project file in google docs so people can make changes to it if they'd like.


[30-Mar-21 12:58 PM] Sebs#5610
that would be a good idea, we can post all of the diagrams there at some point. would you be able to finish the class diagram portion before the due date or should I also work on it. To me it would make more sense for each of us to do one of the diagrams then meet up and go over and edit them if needed.


[30-Mar-21 01:10 PM] Sebs#5610
I'm going to work on the state diagram right now


[30-Mar-21 02:21 PM] Sebs#5610
I was able to complete the state diagram, we only really needed one so I chose the customer class as it seemed to be very simple.


[30-Mar-21 02:23 PM] Sebs#5610
If you guys can at some point sort out who going to do which diagram then tomorrow I can look at the chat and just finish whatever diagram wasn't picked and on Thursday we can combine them all in a doc to submit


[30-Mar-21 02:30 PM] Sebs#5610
also start thinking about which subsystem we want to do for the project we can choose one on Thursday as well


[30-Mar-21 02:51 PM] Rpz701#6053
Is this checkpoint do Thursday before class or midnight Thursday?


[30-Mar-21 03:12 PM] Sebs#5610
it says April 1st so I'm assuming we turn at some point on that day

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/826549587941916752/kqzMB7VWkSkIAEJCCByKgcGXUTmZTfJyY4vO3HxRMZuqcXfS7cR56Ry8UUtXXRKQgAQkIIFKFlC4quTua8SkIAEJCABCZRdQOGq7.png


[30-Mar-21 06:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15A5WRFtuPe30UV-Ggbmughh_2gOlNefT?usp=sharing


[30-Mar-21 06:22 PM] Rpz701#6053
There's also a link to the specification we turned in for checkpoint 1 in the folder. When yall click the link I should be able to give permissions to edit the folder as I see your accounts on drive but for some reason I can't give permission to edit through the link, or at least it doesn't seem that way.


[30-Mar-21 06:24 PM] Rpz701#6053
The class I made used the requirements and use case but there was some vagueness and extra requirements that I tried to sort out so it won't be the exact same and might have some excess classes in it. Anyone is of course welcome to make changes to it as ya'll see fit. My class diagrams are almost always completely re-made during implementation anyway.


[30-Mar-21 06:30 PM] Rpz701#6053
Should be fixed so that you just need the link to edit now.


[31-Mar-21 03:20 PM] Sebs#5610
Since no one posted anything about the other diagrams I finished them. All we need is the class diagram. @Rpz701  do you think you can finish the Class diagram or should I do that one as well


[31-Mar-21 03:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
its in that folder I shaerd.


[31-Mar-21 03:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
Shared*


[31-Mar-21 03:22 PM] Sebs#5610
is it finished?


[31-Mar-21 03:23 PM] Rpz701#6053
Based off the unfinished requirements from checkpoint 1, sorta. I posted because I wanted feedback on it.


[31-Mar-21 03:25 PM] Sebs#5610
I didn't realize you wanted feedback. It looks alright. Do you think you can finish it and add the other classes before the due date


[31-Mar-21 03:26 PM] Rpz701#6053
Driver and store manager? sure, I would just make them extensions of the account class.


[31-Mar-21 03:26 PM] Sebs#5610
yeah thats works


[31-Mar-21 03:27 PM] Sebs#5610
also we need a shopper class


[31-Mar-21 03:29 PM] Rpz701#6053
Forgot about that one. no worries. I'll have it done by 5ish.


[31-Mar-21 03:29 PM] Sebs#5610
ty very much


[31-Mar-21 03:30 PM] Sebs#5610
there might more classes as well I would read over the project description


[31-Mar-21 03:31 PM] Sebs#5610
I think making a product class and a payment class would also be good


[31-Mar-21 04:33 PM] Rpz701#6053
alright, So obviously this isn't full functional, and based on more requirements than the checkpoint one had, but, given that the checkpoint asked for only important classes I feel comfortable leaving out the browseView and manageView classes we would probably implement later. Take a look and let me know what yall think.


[31-Mar-21 04:49 PM] Sebs#5610
I think that looks good and we can always change/ add to it in the future but anyway good job

{Reactions}
üëç 

[31-Mar-21 04:51 PM] Sebs#5610
I'm going to put all of the diagrams in 1 doc and submit it in few mins as well as add them to the group project folder


[31-Mar-21 05:17 PM] Sebs#5610
I turned in the project and uploaded the files to the group folder. The files are a pdf and some pngs of the diagrams


[31-Mar-21 05:31 PM] Sebs#5610
Next we need to choose the sub system we want to implement. Tomorrow we can discuss it more. I'm thinking the customer portal might easier to implement


[01-Apr-21 01:54 PM] Sebs#5610
At some point today I'll send that email to the professor with our names and the sub system we want to work on. I was thinking we should do a customer portal(web) but if you want to do a different sub system then we can change it


[01-Apr-21 02:01 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Hey ya'll, sorry I've been absent a bit. I'm cool with a customer portal


[01-Apr-21 02:20 PM] Sebs#5610
Now that I think about it, It might be easier to make a mobile app than on the web so I might send that one in instead. I'm sure we can change it if we decide later that we aren't going to do that


[05-Apr-21 11:00 PM] iris han#7518
Hey @Sebs did you see the professor‚Äôs email? I think you might‚Äôve forgotten to include a couple of us in the group in your original email to her


[05-Apr-21 11:02 PM] iris han#7518
If you could just clarify with her what all the team member names are that would be great


[05-Apr-21 11:02 PM] Rpz701#6053
Weird. We plugged in all the group members into the spreadsheet. I must have missed the email.


[05-Apr-21 11:03 PM] iris han#7518

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/828842403581526016/image0.png


[05-Apr-21 11:04 PM] yung_odin#7606
Was just about to respond to her, but if Sebastian wants to answer for clean communication that is fine by me


[05-Apr-21 11:05 PM] Sebs#5610
i didn't see the email yet my bad


[05-Apr-21 11:05 PM] Rpz701#6053
huh. I Don't think I got that either.


[05-Apr-21 11:06 PM] Sebs#5610
also you guys didn't respond during the checkpoint 2 at all so i kinda assumed you weren't enrolled in the course anymore or something along those lines


[05-Apr-21 11:08 PM] Rpz701#6053
Well last week was busy for everyone if yall's classes look anything like mine. You took on most of checkpoint 2, Sebastian. Thanks for that! The work could definitely be a little more decentralized going forward.


[05-Apr-21 11:09 PM] Sebs#5610
Yeah I'll send an email back to the professor in a few mins


[05-Apr-21 11:10 PM] iris han#7518
Sounds good, thanks! Yeah it‚Äôs definitely been busy but let‚Äôs all set up meeting times to work on the group project going forward.


[05-Apr-21 11:10 PM] yung_odin#7606
Its all good. Life kinda handed me a pretty shitty hand last couple of weeks and ended up taking too much of myself to handle, but its basically back on track. Which is still my bad for the lack of contact


[21-Apr-21 08:40 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Hey everyone, should we try to have a short meeting this week so we can all get on the same page on what we're making and assign some roles? The due date is gonna be here before we know it


[21-Apr-21 09:44 PM] Rpz701#6053
That sounds good to me. Whenever works for me.


[22-Apr-21 10:30 AM] Sebs#5610
Sure I'm available whenever


[22-Apr-21 04:00 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Cool, I have a pretty loaded schedule today but can you guys meet tomorrow or Saturday? What day works better for you all?


[22-Apr-21 04:04 PM] Rpz701#6053
Since Sebastian and I are available it's up to @yung_odin  and @iris han to set some kind of limitations.


[22-Apr-21 04:06 PM] yung_odin#7606
I'm busy today but tomorrow and Saturday are also good for me.


[23-Apr-21 12:16 PM] iris han#7518
I‚Äôm available today or tomorrow


[23-Apr-21 12:17 PM] iris han#7518
How about tomorrow then? Maybe in the early afternoon if everyone is free?


[23-Apr-21 12:20 PM] Sebs#5610
Yeah that works


[23-Apr-21 12:22 PM] iris han#7518
So like 1pm tomorrow?


[23-Apr-21 12:22 PM] iris han#7518
Is that okay with everyone


[23-Apr-21 12:22 PM] Sebs#5610
yup

{Reactions}
üëç (2) 

[23-Apr-21 12:23 PM] iris han#7518
@Rpz701 @yung_odin @Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)


[23-Apr-21 02:24 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Yeah, 1pm tomorrow works for me

{Reactions}
üëç 

[23-Apr-21 02:51 PM] Rpz701#6053
All good.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[23-Apr-21 03:15 PM] yung_odin#7606
1pm will be fine. I'll just be taking the call from my car.


[24-Apr-21 12:45 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Hey everyone, I decided to start setting up a github repository for the project right now. I can't find the google sheet of everyone's github usernames, so to invite ya'll as collaborators can you all pass me your emails?


[24-Apr-21 12:45 PM] iris han#7518
sure, iris.han818@gmail.com


[24-Apr-21 12:46 PM] iris han#7518
thanks for setting it up


[24-Apr-21 12:46 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
no problem


[24-Apr-21 12:46 PM] iris han#7518
does everyone have eclipse or some sort of IDE installed by the way?


[24-Apr-21 12:47 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
I do


[24-Apr-21 12:48 PM] Sebs#5610
yup


[24-Apr-21 12:48 PM] Sebs#5610
sebastianklemkosky@gmail.com


[24-Apr-21 12:48 PM] Rpz701#6053
masonfisherb@gmail.com


[24-Apr-21 12:58 PM] iris han#7518
gonna hop onto the voice chat now


[24-Apr-21 12:59 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
I'm outside so sorry if you guys hear noise in the background when I talk. I'll keep myself muted otherwise


[24-Apr-21 12:59 PM] iris han#7518
no problem


[24-Apr-21 01:01 PM] yung_odin#7606
I'm driving. I'll be on in a few

{Reactions}
üëç 

[24-Apr-21 01:01 PM] Rpz701#6053
No worries.


[24-Apr-21 01:09 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/835578258371117056/Screen_Shot_2021-04-24_at_1.09.26_PM.png


[24-Apr-21 01:20 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
@yung_odin send me your email when you can


[24-Apr-21 01:33 PM] yung_odin#7606
Should be russgar3@hotmail.com


[24-Apr-21 01:40 PM] iris han#7518
Iris: View/interface designs for login/registration, browsing products, checkout, order history/status


[24-Apr-21 01:40 PM] Rpz701#6053
Mason: Customer class, account class, order class, OrderHistory Class


[24-Apr-21 01:40 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Model/Controller for browsing products/product page/inventory


[24-Apr-21 01:41 PM] Sebs#5610
Sebastian: User's guide, Revised Specification, Use-case
diagrams, Class Diagrams, State Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, Workload
Distribution Report, Version History, and Important Email Threads.


[24-Apr-21 01:41 PM] yung_odin#7606
Russell: Model/Controller of Checkout (verifying order contents, payment info, and delivery details and updates)


[27-Apr-21 11:46 AM] iris han#7518
hey guys, since i haven't seen any commits yet, i've gone ahead and created a new javafx project just so we have something to start working with. feel free to make any changes or corrections to it


[27-Apr-21 12:08 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright. I pushed some of the model classes i had made, There will be errors if you pull now because I've used some classes that aren't necessarily implemented yet. Most of the functionality of the classes are in the customer class diagram in the google drive. I'll work on setting up unit tests on the code I've written for now.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[27-Apr-21 12:10 PM] Rpz701#6053
Also, should inventory and order be extended from a parent class as they're both aggregates of products and are gonna share add/remove/display product functionality?


[27-Apr-21 12:11 PM] Rpz701#6053
@Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)


[27-Apr-21 01:45 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Yup, that sounds right


[27-Apr-21 02:50 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright. If you don't mind starting on a product class that we can use for those I'll make the parent class for order/inventory after.


[27-Apr-21 03:32 PM] iris han#7518
are we still doing the mobile app?


[27-Apr-21 04:29 PM] Sebs#5610
I think we are since if we did the web one we would need to worry about hosting a site so a mobile seemed to be easier


[27-Apr-21 05:24 PM] iris han#7518
does anyone have any experience creating an entire mobile app using eclipse? i believe we'll have to use a plugin like gluon, right?


[28-Apr-21 10:40 AM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Not sure, I've never made a mobile app on eclipse but have experimented a bit on Android Studio. I just pushed my branch and made a pull request.  There weren't any conflicts so I'm going to go ahead and merge my branch to main. Should I wait on fully making controllers since the outline of a controller can be pulled from the scenebuilder with the correct names of buttons/textfields/imageviews once the .fxml files are made?


[28-Apr-21 12:36 PM] Rpz701#6053
In my experience, the controllers are based off of the scenes themselves and utilize multiple model classes to enact actions on the scenes. It makes the most sense, to me, to have a controller for each view that makes use of the model as needed, rather than a controller for the model. A browse scene will make use of Inventory model, and move products from the inventory data structure to the order data structure that is held in the customer class that is creating the order. So, in that case it'll be one controller, the "BrowseController" that uses multiple model classes. At least that's how I've made use of controllers in the past. It makes sense to me to have the view, then create the controller to use the models.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[28-Apr-21 12:39 PM] Rpz701#6053
Are we still meeting at 1?


[28-Apr-21 12:40 PM] Sebs#5610
I thought it was at 2


[28-Apr-21 12:41 PM] Rpz701#6053
either's fine.


[28-Apr-21 12:41 PM] Sebs#5610
but I'm okay with either


[28-Apr-21 12:41 PM] iris han#7518
yes 2 works best for me since I'm currently in a lecture


[28-Apr-21 12:41 PM] Rpz701#6053
no worries.


[28-Apr-21 12:43 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
I'm going to be driving a friend to a vaccination appt that's at 2:15 but I'll try to be on the call. If I'm not on though, just send a message to the chat and I'll respond or respond there or when I hop onto the call


[28-Apr-21 12:44 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
*I'll respond on there or when I get on the call


[28-Apr-21 01:57 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Turns out my friend's appt is at 2:45 so I'll be on the call until about 2:15/20, then I have to drive


[28-Apr-21 01:57 PM] Rpz701#6053
That works for me, I wanted to talk about the product class with you.


[28-Apr-21 01:57 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Okay


[02-May-21 03:22 PM] iris han#7518
Hey everyone, are y'all free tomorrow or Tuesday to meet and discuss about where we currently are with the project? I believe the bulk of our work is due this coming Friday


[02-May-21 03:23 PM] Rpz701#6053
Yep. I'm finishing up an assignment due tonight but after that all i need to finish my portion of the assignment is the view so that I can create a controller for it. I'll be available whenever after tonight.


[02-May-21 03:29 PM] iris han#7518
Great, yeah I wanted to talk to you guys about the designs for some of the views so I can finish up my part. So just let me know when y'all are free


[02-May-21 03:30 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sounds good.


[02-May-21 03:38 PM] Sebs#5610
I'm also free to meet on either days


[02-May-21 03:38 PM] Sebs#5610
whenever is fine


[03-May-21 12:30 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Are any of you guys having problems seeing the views or is it just me?

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/838829903826518086/Screen_Shot_2021-05-03_at_12.27.29_PM.png


[03-May-21 12:31 PM] Rpz701#6053
I was actually just noticing that. It seems like I might be using the wrong version of Javafx too because in my project the controllers us JFXButton when my Javafx just uses the Button class.


[03-May-21 12:31 PM] Rpz701#6053
Same for all the Javafx elements in the views.


[03-May-21 12:33 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Ohh that's true. Yeah, I might have the wrong JavaFX version


[03-May-21 12:33 PM] Rpz701#6053
And in the views, the elements that aren't JFXelement show up but those that are can't be seen


[03-May-21 12:34 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
At first I thought it was because I had the wrong JSE, so I changed it from 12.0.1 to 1.8.0 but still can't see views correctly


[03-May-21 12:35 PM] Rpz701#6053
Yeah, I thought we were using 1.8 so that's what i'm set up with. Guess we need to get with @iris han to see what her settings are.


[03-May-21 12:36 PM] Rpz701#6053
For now I'm just finishing making unit tests.


[03-May-21 12:55 PM] Rpz701#6053
Also, not sure when we're planning on meeting today, but i'll have class at 2-3. Just a heads up.


[03-May-21 01:31 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
I have a work meeting 4 today. Should hopefully be done by 5


[03-May-21 01:38 PM] iris han#7518
Hmm weird, I'll take a look at it right after my class


[03-May-21 01:38 PM] iris han#7518
I have a class from 2-3 as well but should be free afterwards

{Reactions}
üëç 

[03-May-21 01:44 PM] iris han#7518
Under the lib folder, do y'all see jfoenix.jar?


[03-May-21 01:47 PM] iris han#7518
It should be in there. If you view the fxml files in scene builder, I believe you'd need to import the jfoenix.jar file by clicking on the settings icon to the right of the search bar, and then go to Import JAR/FXML File


[03-May-21 01:48 PM] iris han#7518
So maybe try that first? If y'all still can't view them, let me know


[03-May-21 01:57 PM] Rpz701#6053
Doesn't seem to work. Is there a reason you're using the custom openfx instead of the native fx from java 8?


[03-May-21 02:02 PM] iris han#7518
It has some extra features/components I liked that weren't available in the native fx


[03-May-21 02:04 PM] iris han#7518
It's not absolutely necessary though I suppose, if y'all can't get it to work on your end. I can redo the parts that use it if needed.


[03-May-21 02:04 PM] iris han#7518
Is jfoenix showing in y'alls build path for the project?


[03-May-21 02:06 PM] iris han#7518

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/838854130243731486/unknown.png


[03-May-21 02:30 PM] Rpz701#6053
Gotcha. Adding it to the class path fixed a lot of the errors in the project, but didn't add them to the view in scene builder. I'll just use the jfoenix as if it were working and see if once the controller is set up it builds correctly.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[03-May-21 04:25 PM] Rpz701#6053
getting a weird bug when trying to open the fxml files in scene builder, the app just doesn't open them? I'd like to assign functions to buttons in SB. Guess i'll just have to use the fxml mark up language.


[03-May-21 04:59 PM] Sebs#5610
i was having that bug as well I think I had to close scenebuilder in task manager or reinstall SceneBuilder for Java 8


[03-May-21 05:00 PM] Sebs#5610
this was after trying to fiddle with the JFX jar


[03-May-21 05:01 PM] Sebs#5610
for that I had to add through Scene Builder rather than through eclipse


[03-May-21 05:07 PM] Rpz701#6053
Well, good news is I was able to get the scenes to open through running the application. Tying them all together through controllers so we'll be able to navigate through the pages using them. This is without model functionality, though, so far. I've got initial view with working login, and signup buttons that open those views.


[03-May-21 05:14 PM] Rpz701#6053
Pushed. No functionality yet, but main works!


[03-May-21 05:37 PM] Sebs#5610
Are we meeting today? If so is there a time set for it


[03-May-21 05:38 PM] Rpz701#6053
Idk, I've just been sitting in the voice channel. sounds like everyone should be available going off of whats been said in the chat so far.


[03-May-21 05:54 PM] iris han#7518
I'm unable to voice chat at the moment but I can meet and listen in/type my responses in the chat


[03-May-21 05:54 PM] iris han#7518
Unless y'all want to meet a little bit later


[03-May-21 05:55 PM] Rpz701#6053
We can meet later. Whatever works for me. When will you be avalable?


[03-May-21 05:55 PM] iris han#7518
In about an hour or so I think


[03-May-21 05:55 PM] iris han#7518
Does that work for you guys


[03-May-21 05:55 PM] Rpz701#6053
yep.


[03-May-21 05:57 PM] Sebs#5610
@everyone does 7 pm work for everyone to hop on the discord for a meeting

{Reactions}
üëç (2) 

[03-May-21 05:58 PM] Sebs#5610
if you cant make it for whatever reason just leave a message in general so we can reschedule


[03-May-21 07:02 PM] Sebs#5610
https://gluonhq.com/products/scene-builder/

{Embed}
gluonhq
https://gluonhq.com/products/scene-builder/
Scene Builder - Gluon
Drag & Drop,Rapid Application Development. Download Now ¬†¬†Integrated Scene Builder works with the JavaFX ecosystem ‚Äì official controls, community projects, and Gluon offerings including Gluon Mobile, Gluon Desktop, and Gluon CloudLink. ¬†¬†Simple Drag & Drop user interface design allows for rapid iteration. Separation of design and logic files all...
https://i2.wp.com/gluonhq.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/SceneBuilderLogo.png?fit=781%2C781&ssl=1


[03-May-21 11:19 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright, good news, All of the buttons in each of the views now have a handle and will open their corresponding views. We still can't see the login view as you need at least one account created in order to log in, so that will be accessible as soon as we have a logout button, but if you wanted to play with the "working" app, its on github.

{Reactions}
üíØ 

[03-May-21 11:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
@yung_odin any word on the checkout model or progress with that?


[04-May-21 02:15 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alllrighty then, I'll wait for Iris to put out the pages that derive from the home page and implement functions for a checkout class as they are needed to make the app work. @Frank A. Idrogo (drs721) , I also messed with your classes a bit to add sorting funcitonality, just in case we want a button on the view that sorts by name, price or quantity. (This could be as simple as an onClick function for row labels @iris han, if you don't want to worry about making more buttons to clutter up a screen.) Other than that we'll just need some way to apply discounts and keep track of them. And it looks like you've kinda gotten that started, frank, in the product class, so I'll leave that to you and worry about controllers/test cases.


[04-May-21 02:40 PM] iris han#7518
I'm still working on some of the views  (having to redo the product page because I tried to implement a gridpane containing each of the products' info/image + add to cart button and it was taking a bit too long to get to work so I decided on going a simpler route), but I just pushed the home page view containing the logout button so y'all can go ahead and work on the login view if needed. It's still a work in progress but I'll put everything out as soon as I'm done.


[04-May-21 02:44 PM] Rpz701#6053
Awesome! Thanks, Iris.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[04-May-21 03:06 PM] iris han#7518
I also just pushed some of what I had been trying to implement for the product page as well - if y'all could take a look and give me some feedback on it that'd be great. It involves adding another attribute (img src) to the Product class. If you guys think it's too complicated to implement in the remaining time we have then I'll scrap it haha.


[04-May-21 03:40 PM] Rpz701#6053
Well, the only issue i see with this is it injects the view into the model. If we load the products into the inventory from a csv and simply add the ImgSrc as a string of the path to the image from the model it'd be super straightforward to implement.


[04-May-21 03:41 PM] Rpz701#6053
Where does the Item controller get the product from? should product page call it?


[04-May-21 03:49 PM] Rpz701#6053
Also, make sure you update your version before you push, iris. Looks like you undid some of the buttons I put together last night.


[04-May-21 03:55 PM] iris han#7518
Right, I was thinking the product page could call it. We could go with whatever is most straightforward to implement


[04-May-21 03:56 PM] iris han#7518
Thanks for letting me know, I'll go back and update my version


[04-May-21 04:14 PM] Rpz701#6053
Right, so when productPageController loads the scene itemview, where does it put that scene? it looks like, for now, there's just the one place being the scroll pane in the middle. can you populate a scroll plane with multiple fxml loaded scenes at the same time?


[04-May-21 04:41 PM] iris han#7518
I was thinking of creating a dynamic gridpane? Like keeping it two columns and x rows based on the amount of items. And we'd load an itemview into each grid


[04-May-21 04:41 PM] iris han#7518
if that makes sense


[04-May-21 05:07 PM] Rpz701#6053
Well, Up to  you and @Frank A. Idrogo (drs721) to implement. I'm gonna push a working version that has the login, logout functionality that will have the call to getPImgSrc() commented out so that it will run for now.


[05-May-21 01:13 AM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Sorry for the late message. I've been working on a GameDev project that's due today. I'll continue working on the test cases for today. I see that some stuff for the product page controller was already added for when buttons are clicked, thanks Mason. Is there any other controller aside from that one I should be adding to? I'm supposed to focus on browsing products, product page, and inventory. There won't be a view for inventory though, right? Since we're focusing on the customer's perspective


[05-May-21 01:13 AM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Also, were ya'll ever able to get SceneBuilder to show the views correctly?


[05-May-21 08:20 AM] Sebs#5610
Hey I'm got my second covid shot yesterday and am feeling pretty sickly so I may not be able to attend the meeting today. I'm confident I can still finish my work for the project and I will let yall know if something else comes up. if possible can someone type a quick summary of the meeting if anything very important was discussed and let me know when we plan to meet again.  For the actual presentation we are able to record a video showcasing the project and then answer some questions afterward. Since I'm making the user's guide I could also record this video of me following it and that could be our presentation. If you guys want to handle the questions I can record the presentation  just let me know if you want to do that.


[05-May-21 08:21 AM] Sebs#5610

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/839492027405697064/KsICOLpX9WdQmML4HnXArZyv5b9eg7ypQOZe358HlvLFxNICAQEAgIBCoxAUE8VeLOEUwTCAgEBAICAYGAQKDyERDEUXrE8EigYB.png


[05-May-21 08:23 AM] Sebs#5610
also the project is due before the end of the day on the 7th so as long as we complete everything before maybe 4pm on that day I will have plenty of time to finish the User's guide and record the video if we want to go that route

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/839492438926032946/7wAAAABJRU5ErkJggg.png


[05-May-21 08:24 AM] Rpz701#6053
Multiple due dates are confusing. The working code is due on the 7th, right?


[05-May-21 08:25 AM] Sebs#5610
yeah sorry made a little error


[05-May-21 08:25 AM] Rpz701#6053
no worries.


[05-May-21 08:25 AM] Sebs#5610
but yeah everything is due on the 7th


[05-May-21 08:25 AM] Sebs#5610
then presentation on the 11th


[05-May-21 11:16 AM] iris han#7518
Feel better @Sebs !


[05-May-21 11:16 AM] iris han#7518
We‚Äôre still meeting at 12 today right?


[05-May-21 11:43 AM] Rpz701#6053
Works for me


[05-May-21 11:45 AM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
I'll be on


[05-May-21 12:03 PM] yung_odin#7606
Kind of just woke up and I've got a class rn. I've had a couple of projects in my other classes that I've been working on. Finished those up last night. Going to be working full time on this project now.


[05-May-21 12:05 PM] Rpz701#6053
What time does your class end?


[05-May-21 12:06 PM] yung_odin#7606
12:50


[05-May-21 12:06 PM] Rpz701#6053
We can meet back then if we're done and we can fill you in on what we've done


[05-May-21 12:07 PM] yung_odin#7606
Sounds good. I'll check in after class


[05-May-21 01:12 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
yeah i can send the invite


[05-May-21 01:12 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
dunno why my mic isnt working now


[05-May-21 01:13 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
just sent the invite using russgar3@hotmail.com


[05-May-21 01:23 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Gonna jump off the call to edit a demo video for another class, but I'll be on later tonight. Talk to ya'll later


[05-May-21 02:23 PM] iris han#7518
Hey @Sebs, at our meeting today we basically just discussed about how we were going to implement some of the remaining views, and tried to get everyone on the same page; no major decisions or anything were made. We‚Äôre thinking about meeting again tomorrow though, if you're feeling well enough to join that'd be great


[05-May-21 02:24 PM] iris han#7518
Does 1pm tomorrow work for everyone? @everyone


[05-May-21 03:20 PM] Rpz701#6053
I'll be available.

{Reactions}
üëç 

[06-May-21 01:09 PM] iris han#7518
in the discord voice channel now, don't know if y'all can hear me


[06-May-21 02:57 PM] Rpz701#6053
Hey, @iris han, do we need to be using a treetableview in orders? how were you thinking of sorting the products into a tree?


[06-May-21 03:29 PM] iris han#7518
Hmm it would probably be easier to implement with just a TableView + TableColumns. Let me redo the checkout page and orders page views real quick.


[06-May-21 03:30 PM] Rpz701#6053
I think i've got it working as is just without making use of the tree. Let me put in some test products to see if it works.


[06-May-21 03:30 PM] iris han#7518
Ok great, sounds good.


[06-May-21 03:33 PM] Rpz701#6053
so turns out treeItemPropertyValueFactory makes the app freeze! Lets try table view.


[06-May-21 03:34 PM] iris han#7518
Gotcha, I'll go ahead and work on the views then


[06-May-21 03:42 PM] iris han#7518
The new versions of those views should be up now


[06-May-21 05:15 PM] Rpz701#6053
Hey, @Frank A. Idrogo (drs721) I'm gonna gut your class by replacing all the getters and setters with lowercase get and set versions of themselves. The property factory for the tabelview is unable to extract product class if they don't match what its expecting. Just a heads up that your next update might be full of conflicts.


[06-May-21 05:18 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
All goodüëç thanks for the heads up


[06-May-21 05:39 PM] Rpz701#6053
Man, that thing was a mess to make work for some reason. Because the controller is binded in the fxml file you need to inject the propertyValueFactory into the fxml as well inorder to get them to show the data you load the tableview with. I'm gonna push it now that its working and you can check it out too, @yung_odin. You might have the same issue.


[06-May-21 06:24 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright just pushed the fully implemented order history view. There is test data commented out. It will need data from the Browse view. I'm gonna take a break for dinner. Message me if ya'll are running into unexpected problems, though!


[06-May-21 08:22 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Just pushed my branch. The ProductPageView now loads item.fxml into the gridpane so you can scroll through products. It's just the apple product for right now though. Still working on the functionality for itemcontroller to add the item to the order.


[06-May-21 09:06 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alright. If you get the most recent branch i added a line in item controller so now it will add to the order when you click add to cart. Once we get products loaded to an inventory, what happens when there isn't a product? does it just show honeycripsp apples like it does now? That seems like it could be and issue if we have an orange, a banana, toothpaste and 25 different honeycrisp apples that all add null to current order.


[06-May-21 09:29 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Do you mean like if the product's quantity goes to 0?


[06-May-21 10:46 PM] Rpz701#6053
Well there's 8 fields that are all honecrisps right now. If we 3 products into the inventory will there be 3 products and 5 honeycrisps?

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/840072009593258014/unknown.png


[06-May-21 10:48 PM] Rpz701#6053
Sorry, they will, because that's what's set in the item.fxml. So it may be necessary to set the pain as invisible until there is a value in inventory


[06-May-21 10:51 PM] Rpz701#6053
So here, because i set view.setVisible(false) now the fist item isn't there. Could be they all need to be set to false until items are in the inventory

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/840073240436801536/unknown.png


[06-May-21 10:51 PM] Rpz701#6053
otherwise, the default view will be there.


[06-May-21 10:52 PM] Rpz701#6053
then you could create a function that toggles the visibility and just call it for each that has a value.


[06-May-21 10:55 PM] Rpz701#6053
Also, I don't think it's possible for the if statement you have there to execute as you just set each view to the pages from fxml loader. I don't think its possible for the fxml loader to return null it'll just throw IOexception instead.


[07-May-21 12:17 PM] Rpz701#6053
I'd say I've got about 30min-1hr worth of comp arch project to finish then I'll just be sitting in the voice chat on spotify working on filling out my branches for the unit testing for about the rest of the day. If anyone is really struggling implementing their parts I hope you'll let me know then so we can bang our heads against it together!


[07-May-21 12:22 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Sounds goodüëç I'm still working on figuring out the problem you brought up yesterday, but hopefully I'll get stuff it figured out soon.


[07-May-21 12:23 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
stuff *figured out soon


[07-May-21 12:25 PM] Rpz701#6053
yeah that could be tricky because you don't know how many visible slots you need unless you update it on every button click. And if an item is zero, how do you know which slot to make invisible unless you have some kind of map for each slot to each potential item. Maybe you load items from the inventory in main once and only change the quantity, so each item that was originally there can go to 0 but doesn't need to be removed from the display?


[07-May-21 01:19 PM] Rpz701#6053
Alternatively, you could just go into the fxml and delete the 0.65 and name text fields then set those manually so they're all just "add to cart" under a blank image. Would be a bit quicker.


[07-May-21 03:46 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
My earphones died and my mic isnt working on my computer again like last time


[07-May-21 03:49 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
whats up


[07-May-21 03:53 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
just got the updated version of the branch


[07-May-21 03:54 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
yeah haha


[07-May-21 03:55 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
you okay lol


[07-May-21 03:57 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
there's no way to add multiple controllers to one fxml, right?


[07-May-21 03:58 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
gotcha gotcha


[07-May-21 03:59 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
all good, thanks for helping out


[07-May-21 04:00 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
sounds good


[07-May-21 04:53 PM] Sebs#5610
how is the project coming along still


[07-May-21 05:00 PM] Rpz701#6053
@everyone would you guys like to get into a group chat to figure out what else needs to be done? Sebastian just needs the users guide for the documentation to be finished and I'm finished up with tests so it would be a better use of everyone's time if we could all work on the small parts that are left.


[07-May-21 05:01 PM] iris han#7518
sure, give me like 15 minutes and i can get on


[07-May-21 05:05 PM] yung_odin#7606
I finishing up a meeting. I'll be on after


[07-May-21 05:57 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Do you guys have an issue with .setText() for nameLabel and priceLabel in homepagecontroller? even if I hardcode a string in it, still nothing shows up


[07-May-21 06:19 PM] Rpz701#6053
@yung_odin How far along is the checkout controller? do you have an estimate on when it will be working or need any help?


[07-May-21 06:36 PM] yung_odin#7606
Uh I don't know how to say this and Im trying keep cool but my surface got pull off my desk by a cable and is not turning on. I'm trying to see if I can recover any work I have to my desktop so uh give me a moment more I have a pizza that should be getting here soon and I'll be on


[07-May-21 06:38 PM] Rpz701#6053
No worries, man. I've got a version of checkout controller that is working. Hope you're computer isn't broken!


[07-May-21 08:28 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
Yeah update main


[07-May-21 08:28 PM] Frank A. Idrogo (drs721)#6456
earphones died again


[07-May-21 08:50 PM] Rpz701#6053

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/840405318140035152/unknown.png


[07-May-21 09:44 PM] Sebs#5610
found a bug

{Attachments}
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/804414689156792323/840418781871996989/unknown.png


[07-May-21 09:44 PM] Sebs#5610
@Rpz701


[07-May-21 09:53 PM] Sebs#5610
it's fixed nvm


[07-May-21 09:57 PM] Rpz701#6053
That looks like it might be the homepage controller loading the same fxml over and over.


[07-May-21 09:57 PM] Rpz701#6053
or maybe an issue with the mechanism that decides what's got a discount?


==============================================================
Exported 317 message(s)
==============================================================
